hello to all harm what is to me
raw foods that she gave me as far as
it matters to me or not how I do it
imagine myself ideally now syroyedy
5 years and a half have gone different
stages in life that is every year
discovering something new for yourself
raw foods and had a baby pregnancy
He passed and birth and raise children and to
I can say with confidence that any food you
then raw day or some kind of diet she
gives generally less effect than
if these efforts are directed at spirituality
let's say that is to
maintain itself in a state of goodness
love joy and happiness positive
it is much more effective much stronger
and definitely more powerful than every religion
spelled out that the most important thing is that thought
the thoughts of the things we were good at
Christianity this prayer is needed there a
kindly think think about a blog about your
neighbor that is the state of goodness
joy it opens all the doors
it allows you to have a connection with
guardian angels with light
Entities that is, it increases vibration
automatically takes you to another
level of existence to another level
lives and questions are all solved by themselves
because life gives you already according to yours
efforts for yours to say the fruits
already others of yours and strength because you
such in the sphere of vibration blessings
joyful and everything is solved by itself
when you bother with something
you are in a state of stress that's it
with 300 the keyword stress doesn't need either
in any case, that is, if raw foods
causes stress or any other thing then
you must always remember that u need to increase
vibrations be state of goodness
only then everything will be automatically
to decide not physically not by the fact that
you think a lot about some tasks
looking for an answer to the question no all
only depends on energy on which
we pass energy through ourselves
the world breathes only energy and we have
value have importance for the world only
in terms of energy what energy are we
are therefore if we go down then this
and not to do even for the sake of cheese and day
or something else for something but since i
I choose what to eat
I have the same choice no one bothers
so I choose raw foods and of course
pretty
why is it rather so above all
cool moment syroedenii this such
thing that'll search you
secured me well and other environments from
chemistry
Ie on raw foods you same
do not consume any chemistry of their butterflies
folds of sachets of sneakers of mars here
it's all really the most
hard for the body chemistry which
gives acne and generally passes with hard
efforts through our store say
really poisonous action
call here is the cool thing when
man uses boiled no such
barrier from whom vazorol chemistry here you eat
there is canned food and you think well, I will buy there
canned food in the supermarket think what
the difference or the juice of some kind of packaging
terrible, too, normally did there
almost no chemistry and it all turns into
habit is a completely different way
eat but when we raw foods
chemistry not to use this here
substantial stuff and
how do i imagine the perfect
raw foods where did it all start like
natural food here in natural
I really liked this philosophy
what do you live say on nature chick
must live in nature like all living things
the bushes around you are beautiful
the trees are beautiful that god created us
to our joy with wonderful apples
rejuvenating with all sorts of berries
come eat you all need neither
pots you don't need anything well
Naturally nowhere then I fell in love
this idea took her heart to a class like this
I just want to live
and definitely think it should be and
it was easy because before that
already prepared yourself separate
natural nutrition and from chemistry i
refused failed and tied up with
any cookies chocolates that is
I easily cavity while age was
young like that
I imagine raw foods for a long time I do not even
suspected that there are sweets raw food
whale syroeda dish something that I do not
I saw man's dishes in the middle
your intervention in the food here so i
imagined for me for the middle
it is a natural product
naturally that's how it is the rest is
already some kind of dish perhaps all
I wanted to say that I still gave a
for example acne got rid
naturally one hundred percent
told recently that from thrush
got rid of that is strong can this
so name age was young therefore
I have not accumulated sores with what can I
compare i mean i haven't cured
me checkout global plus plus easy
it is very easy to go into hunger
hunger and much easier to get out then there is no
fear of poisoning
when a person eats heavy food comes out
due to starvation and habit begins
former portions of something fried or
just see slandered
in general, there is often heavy milk
ta-ta-ta-ta cookies
and in this regard it is very easy for me
easy starvation is given that is it is the same
such an advantage is cool I hope you
it was interesting to hear me the main thing
positive that I always try to send
positive the most important thing is
then that promise energetically which I tell you
I give everyone I love the whole hug